testing comprehensive1...
✓ comprehensive1 passed
testing comprehensive10...
✓ comprehensive10 passed
testing comprehensive11...
✓ comprehensive11 passed
testing comprehensive12...
✓ comprehensive12 passed
testing comprehensive13...
✓ comprehensive13 passed
testing comprehensive14...
✓ comprehensive14 passed
testing comprehensive15...
✓ comprehensive15 passed
testing comprehensive16...
✓ comprehensive16 passed
testing comprehensive17...
✗ comprehensive17 failed
Expect 0, Read -1
=== stderr ===
CE, cannot merge two different array types with size
 type info:no_ref ARRAY[1] of no_ref I32 and no_ref ARRAY[0] of no_ref NEVER
testing comprehensive18...
✓ comprehensive18 passed
testing comprehensive19...
✓ comprehensive19 passed
testing comprehensive2...
✓ comprehensive2 passed
testing comprehensive20...
✓ comprehensive20 passed
testing comprehensive21...
✓ comprehensive21 passed
testing comprehensive22...
✓ comprehensive22 passed
testing comprehensive23...
✓ comprehensive23 passed
testing comprehensive24...
✓ comprehensive24 passed
testing comprehensive25...
✓ comprehensive25 passed
testing comprehensive26...
✓ comprehensive26 passed
testing comprehensive27...
✗ comprehensive27 failed
Expect 0, Read -1
=== stderr ===
CE, invalid character in number: x
testing comprehensive28...
✓ comprehensive28 passed
testing comprehensive29...
✗ comprehensive29 failed
Expect 0, Read -1
=== stderr ===
CE, unary operator ! requires bool type
testing comprehensive3...
✓ comprehensive3 passed
testing comprehensive30...
✗ comprehensive30 failed
Expect 0, Read -1
=== stderr ===
CE, unexpected token in infix expression: IF
testing comprehensive31...
✓ comprehensive31 passed
testing comprehensive32...
✓ comprehensive32 passed
testing comprehensive33...
✓ comprehensive33 passed
testing comprehensive34...
✓ comprehensive34 passed
testing comprehensive35...
✓ comprehensive35 passed
testing comprehensive36...
✓ comprehensive36 passed
testing comprehensive37...
✓ comprehensive37 passed
testing comprehensive38...
✓ comprehensive38 passed
testing comprehensive39...
✓ comprehensive39 passed
testing comprehensive4...
✓ comprehensive4 passed
testing comprehensive40...
✓ comprehensive40 passed
testing comprehensive41...
✓ comprehensive41 passed
testing comprehensive42...
✓ comprehensive42 passed
testing comprehensive43...
✓ comprehensive43 passed
testing comprehensive44...
✓ comprehensive44 passed
testing comprehensive45...
✓ comprehensive45 passed
testing comprehensive46...
✓ comprehensive46 passed
testing comprehensive47...
✓ comprehensive47 passed
testing comprehensive48...
✓ comprehensive48 passed
testing comprehensive49...
✓ comprehensive49 passed
testing comprehensive5...
✓ comprehensive5 passed
testing comprehensive50...
✓ comprehensive50 passed
testing comprehensive6...
✓ comprehensive6 passed
testing comprehensive7...
✓ comprehensive7 passed
testing comprehensive8...
✓ comprehensive8 passed
testing comprehensive9...
✓ comprehensive9 passed
Total test cases: 50, Passed: 46, Failed: 4
